Kasamba Mall Smart system
The Kasamba Mall proprietor wishes to transform his mall into a smart and secure mall by using IoT technologies. 
He hopes that this will improve the experience of the tenants, management and customers.  

The mall has 2 entrances, 1 exit and 3 floors. 
The entrance cannot allow people exiting the building and vice versa. 
Only one person can pass the entrance or exit at a time. 
For each of the entrances, a sensor is installed to count how many people access the building. 

For one to access the upper floors, they use an escalator, which detects, counts them and moves them up. 
An escalator takes people in one direction. 

The mall has washrooms which are managed by management. 
A tenant is given washroom access by management by setting a passcode. 
One with a passcode uses it to open the washrooms. 
In case a tenant has a client, who wishes to use the washroom, they can assign them a temporary access and sets the timeout period. 
After the expiry of the access code, the client is informed and does not access the washroom with the same code. 
If a washroom is occupied, a message is displayed and no access is granted even to someone with an access code. 

Tenants pay rent as per the settings configured by the landlord/management (For creativity, think and propose the necessary configurations). 
Management uses a serial communication console to add these and other necessary configurations. 
Tenants whose rent is due cannot access the washroom. Neither do their customers. 

Management registers costs per unit in the system following the following criteria.
    1.  The base fee for a ground floor apartment
    2. The second-floor apartment rent is three quarters that of the second-floor apartment 
    3. The third-floor apartment rent is equivalent to ¾ of the 2nd floor apartment 
Tenants also pay their dues and this is updated. Decide how this is done.

Management also has a smart phone application for controlling some aspects of the system. 
These include among others control of the escalator (such that its disabled so that people use the stairs), disabling accounts etc. 
Think of 5 others. This control is done using Bluetooth.   
Assignment and instructions:
    1. Simulate the above application in proteus 